Update docs for  SELinuxMountReadWriteOncePod Beta (#40014)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context.md

Reviewer: You'll also need to reword:
```markdown
* Alpha feature gates `ReadWriteOncePod` and `SELinuxMountReadWriteOncePod` must
  be enabled.
```

Author: Using just `Feature gates`

* Pod must use PersistentVolumeClaim with `accessModes: ["ReadWriteOncePod"]`.
* Pod (or all its Containers that use the PersistentVolumeClaim) must
  have `seLinuxOptions` set.
* The corresponding PersistentVolume must be either:
  * A volume that uses the legacy in-tree `iscsi`, `rbd` or `fc` volume type.
  * Or a volume that uses a {{< glossary_tooltip text="CSI" term_id="csi" >}} driver.
    The CSI driver must announce that it supports mounting with `-o context` by setting
    `spec.seLinuxMount: true` in its CSIDriver instance.

For any other volume types, SELinux relabelling happens another way: the container
runtime  recursively changes the SELinux label for all inodes (files and directories)
in the volume.
The more files and directories in the volume, the longer that relabelling takes.

{{< note >}}
<!-- remove after Kubernetes v1.30 is released -->
If you are running Kubernetes v1.25, refer to the v1.25 version of this task page:
[Configure a Security Context for a Pod or Container](https://v1-25.docs.kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) (v1.25).  
There is an important note in that documentation about a situation where the kubelet

> can lose track of volume labels after restart.

Reviewer 2: Please confirm this defect has been removed in 1.26.

To benefit from this speedup, all these conditions must be met:

* The [feature gates](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) `ReadWriteOncePod`
  and `SELinuxMountReadWriteOncePod` must be enabled.
* Pod must use PersistentVolumeClaim with `accessModes: ["ReadWriteOncePod"]`.
* Pod (or all its Containers that use the PersistentVolumeClaim) must
  have `seLinuxOptions` set.
* The corresponding PersistentVolume must be either:
  * A volume that uses the legacy in-tree `iscsi`, `rbd` or `fc` volume type.
  * Or a volume that uses a {{< glossary_tooltip text="CSI" term_id="csi" >}} driver.
    The CSI driver must announce that it supports mounting with `-o context` by setting
    `spec.seLinuxMount: true` in its CSIDriver instance.

For any other volume types, SELinux relabelling happens another way: the container
runtime  recursively changes the SELinux label for all inodes (files and directories)
in the volume.
The more files and directories in the volume, the longer that relabelling takes.

{{< note >}}

> <!-- remove after Kubernetes v1.30 is released -->

Author: It's when 1.27 comes out of support.

To benefit from this speedup, all these conditions must be met:

> * Feature gates `ReadWriteOncePod` and `SELinuxMountReadWriteOncePod` must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The [feature gates](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) `ReadWriteOncePod`
  and `SELinuxMountReadWriteOncePod` must
```

  * If you use a volume backed by a CSI driver, that CSI driver must announce that it
    supports mounting with `-o context` by setting `spec.seLinuxMount: true` in
    its CSIDriver instance.
* The corresponding PersistentVolume must be either:
  * A volume that uses the legacy in-tree `iscsi`, `rbd` or `fc` volume type.
  * Or a volume that uses a {{< glossary_tooltip text="CSI" term_id="csi" >}} driver.
    The CSI driver must announce that it supports mounting with `-o context` by setting
    `spec.seLinuxMount: true` in its CSIDriver instance.

For any other volume types, SELinux relabelling happens another way: the container
runtime  recursively changes the SELinux label for all inodes (files and directories)
in the volume.
The more files and directories in the volume, the longer that relabelling takes.

{{< note >}}
In Kubernetes 1.25, the kubelet loses track of volume labels after restart. In
other words, then kubelet may refuse to start Pods with errors similar to  "conflicting
SELinux labels of volume", while there are no conflicting labels in Pods. Make sure
nodes are [fully drained](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/safely-drain-node/)
before restarting kubelet.

> {{< /note >}}

Reviewer: Why remove this? I believe it's still true. You could add some text to say that later versions don't need the special behavior.

Author: I restored the note + added 1.26 and 1.27 progress, noting `NewVolumeManagerReconstruction` feature gate.

* Pod must use PersistentVolumeClaim with `accessModes: ["ReadWriteOncePod"]`.
* Pod (or all its Containers that use the PersistentVolumeClaim) must
  have `seLinuxOptions` set.
* The corresponding PersistentVolume must be either:
  * A volume that uses the legacy in-tree `iscsi`, `rbd` or `fc` volume type.

>   * Or volume that uses a {{< glossary_tooltip text="CSI" term_id="csi" >}} driver.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Or a volume that uses a {{< glossary_tooltip text="CSI" term_id="csi" >}} driver.
```

>     * If you use a volume backed by a CSI driver, that CSI driver must announce that it
>       supports mounting with `-o context` by setting `spec.seLinuxMount: true` in
>       its CSIDriver instance.

Reviewer 2: No need to add a nested list here ...

```suggestion
    The CSI driver must announce that it supports mounting with `-o context` by setting
    `spec.seLinuxMount: true` in its CSIDriver instance.
```

SELinux labels of volume", while there are no conflicting labels in Pods. Make sure
nodes are [fully drained](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/safely-drain-node/)
before restarting kubelet.
In Kubernetes 1.26 and newer, the kubelet reads SELinux options from the operating system
and draining is no longer required before kubelet restart. Significant parts of the kubelet
code was refactored, not only for SELinux, and resulted in a new feature gate
`NewVolumeManagerReconstruction` introduced in Kubernetes 1.27 and enabled by default,

> to have an opt-out in case of a bug in the new implementation.

Reviewer: IMO, a better way to document this is to delete **all** the contents of the note and replace it with:
```markdown
<!-- remove after Kubernetes v1.30 is released -->
If you are running Kubernetes v1.25, refer to the v1.25 version of this task page:
[Configure a Security Context for a Pod or Container](https://v1-25.docs.kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) (v1.25).  
There is an important note in that documentation about a situation where the kubelet
can lose track of volume labels after restart.
```

Perhaps we should put a similar note on other pages, such as https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/debug/debug-cluster/ ?
In _that_ page, it does make sense to mention “conflicting SELinux labels of volume” etc. Imagine if you're troubleshooting a cluster, search the web for that error, and you see two search results:
1. Configure a Security Context for a Pod or Container
1. Troubleshooting Clusters

You're going to pick #<span/>2, I think. I would.

---

The place to describe the difference between changes is in the release announcement and the changelog; if we don't need to mention it in the docs, we shouldn't.

Author: In 1.25 SELinuxMountReadWriteOncePod is alpha and disabled by default, do we want to add troubleshooting for  those features?

Reviewer: We want to help end users troubleshoot if they see an error “conflicting SELinux labels of volume”. I don't mind what the advice is, but I do think we should frame it as troubleshooting.

Reviewer: Valid examples of advice:

- “You should upgrade if you can”
- “Try running v1.24 kubelets instead, this is a supported config”
- “Turn off SELinux and use appsecarmorcomp&trade;”

Author: Replaced the note as suggested, only in security-context.md for now.
